CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to powerd6

Thanks for the interest to contribute!

This document explain the rules and the expectations when contributing to the project and is crucial in keeping a safe environment.

## Table of contents
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [Git Style Guide](#git-style-guide)
- [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Addendums](#addendums)
    - [Issue Labels](#issue-labels)

---

## Code of Conduct

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by a [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

## Git Style Guide

This project follows the [Git style guide](https://github.com/agis/git-style-guide) for code contributions. This set of guidelines help us keep a clean and maintainable history of code changes.

## Versioning

Published artifacts must follow [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) and changes must be documented according to the [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) principles.


## Addendums

### Issue Labels

This project uses the repository labels as defined in the [Creative Commons OpenSource labeling system](https://opensource.creativecommons.org/contributing-code/repo-labels/), and labels are automatically created on all repositories.

To propose new labels, please open an issue against [this repository](https://github.com/power-d6/.github) with more details.

Commit message:

detail how to contribute with module ideas

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to powerd6

Thanks for the interest to contribute!

This document explain the rules and the expectations when contributing to the project and is crucial in keeping a safe environment.

## Table of contents
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [Code contributions](#code-contributions)
    - [Git Style Guide](#git-style-guide)
    - [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Sharing ideas for modules](#sharing-ideas-for-modules)
- [Addendums](#addendums)
    - [Issue Labels](#issue-labels)

---

## Code of Conduct

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by a [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

## Code Contributions

### Git Style Guide

This project follows the [Git style guide](https://github.com/agis/git-style-guide) for code contributions. This set of guidelines help us keep a clean and maintainable history of code changes.

### Versioning

Published artifacts must follow [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) and changes must be documented according to the [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) principles.

## Sharing ideas for modules

When sharing ideas for modules with the community, use the [Module Ideas board](https://github.com/orgs/power-d6/projects/1/views/1).

By doing so, you agree to help define and refine the idea, assuming an editorial role in the completion of the same.

Ideas, once refined will be put to vote and prioritized by their impact. Other contributors are free to pick ideas and work on them.


## Addendums

### Issue Labels

This project uses the repository labels as defined in the [Creative Commons OpenSource labeling system](https://opensource.creativecommons.org/contributing-code/repo-labels/), and labels are automatically created on all repositories.

To propose new labels, please open an issue against [this repository](https://github.com/power-d6/.github) with more details.
